Hey, Rob, it’s good to see you again.
As I mentioned last week,
I’m Joel, and this is Tom.
Have you been able to find work?
Actually, yeah.
It’s part-time, but at least it’s a start.
Great!
I’m glad to hear it.
The last time we spoke,
I left you with the question,
How does God help us
to cope with present problems?
Do you have any ideas?
Well, family helps.
That’s true.
Family members help
and support one another,
but God provides additional help.
Please note what the Bible says
at Jeremiah 29:11.
See if you can identify another way
that God helps us to deal with problems.
OK.
Tom, would you please read
that verse for us?
Yeah.
It says:
“‘For I well know the thoughts
“that I am thinking toward you,’
declares Jehovah,
“‘thoughts of peace, and not of calamity,
to give you a future and a hope.’”
Thank you.
So did you find anything in that verse
that might help you
to cope with problems?
“Thoughts of peace.”
Yes, exactly.
That’s also important
when we’re dealing with problems.
There’s something else in the verse.
Have you ever heard the expression,
“There’s light at the end of the tunnel”?
Yeah.
What does it mean?
That things are going to get better.
Right.
So looking back at the verse,
what does God offer us?
“A future and a hope.”
Exactly.
But even when trials arise,
the Bible is a reliable guide.
How so?
Lesson 1 of this brochure
entitled Enjoy Life Forever!
discusses the Bible’s practical value.
It’s part of a free Bible study course.
If you’ll read it,
I’d be happy to leave it with you.
Sure!
It sounds interesting.